hi and welcome to me and that calm and
this is where i will show you to make
grilled cheeses first I add some butter
unsalted yourself it doesn't no sleep
unsalted after that but can't make a
grilled cheese without cheese all right
now thank you yeah you have to go into
little butter now what dawn you have to
wait at least three minutes before it
finishes and you can flip it and then
after that you and other things so now
should I start my know for my next
episode on i'll be making pancakes well
now it's time to flip this just stick it
under it doesn't come just stick your
hand up to hold it see and now it's nice
and boring
that's a good now all we have to do is
wait for the cheese center usually when
the cheese melts the other side's done
so for my next episode as I was saying
I'm going to be making pancakes which is
with syrup but I got right here but yeah
and it will be usually banana pants
that's it ready to put it cheese nothing
yep the cheese is melted now we all we
have to do it what you can and then it's
time to eat the world's bag
you